So what I want to achieve next now is I want to send a request which returns all the users stored in
our database.
How can we achieve this.
Well pi first getting rid of our code right here will also type on your response code so we can leave
that for the moment.
And you know a constant we use again users and now our find method.
Now we find we can now search the documents stored in the database and then get back to users in fury
but actually I would like to be a bit more explicit here.
I would like to find only d e mail and the name.
So I don't want to return the password of a specific user.
As I said we are not finished with our security and authentication part.
This will be covered later but generally actually when we get the users we should actually return email
and name.
Now we have different options to do so by the way have you also used final ready here in the places
controller here with get places by user idea.
And here we use find he referred to a specific property.
This time I would like to refer to two different properties namely d e mail and the name.
And we have two options to do this.
We will use the concept of protection right here.
This works by adding an empty javascript object.
And now we can either add email and name like this.
This or return d e-mail and the name or we can simply add a minus sign here and now exclude our password.
I'll follow this approach here.
Both work fine for our purposes.
However storing it as a constant here won't work because as we know find is an asynchronous task therefore
let's first add is async up here and now what will we do.
Well we'll again create let users here because we will wrap our code in a try catch block once again.
Therefore we'll add the code right here get rid of our a constant and add a wait ahead of users.
So that's the tribe log.
And now once again in case this does not work then we catch the error by storing it in a constant.
It's always the same approach in the end and now return fetching users failed.
Please try again later.
Error Code 500 and return next.
Error so if that we can get the users.
And if they're successful then we have to get a response of course and our response will again be a
Jason response which will be of users but now again users start nap because again find which runs an
array.
So we cannot convert this into a default javascript object.
Therefore we'll add the Met method right here and now say that our user should be turned into a default
javascript object.
Now the syntax is working again and with that we can again use gets set getters to true to get rid of
our idea that will be returned and if we save that we can know if we check our faults again go to slash
users as you can see no need for sign up or log in anymore as we only want to get the users so we can
get rid of log in right here.
And if you know send a GET request without any information in a body so this is of course not required
like we send it we get back our user manual right here so not very spectacular as we only have one user
but it seems to work.
Let's not add a second user quickly
so here at our API users sign up broad body raw Jason.
And let's quickly add the name which could be Max.
We have the email maybe test two at test dot com.
We have deep password which could be testers
to hear and we have a place places.
Let's say New York should of course be a POST request here.
If we centers storing the user seems to be successful let's go back to our Get request send it.
And now you can see we get back both menu and knacks.
This works fine.
Let us know what you see whether it worked in our database so Let's reload this right here and as you
can see we got both Max and manual stored in the database.
So getting the users also works fine now.
There is one crucial thing missing though and this crucial thing is of course the relation between places
and our users.
At the moment I'm using some dummy code here.
Here for all places in the user's J S file and here for the creator in the place j ust file and we also
enter the place manually.
Fixed rate the new user so this code on here maybe at the places this should of course be changed now
and that's actually the last crucial step here in this Mongolian module so let's continue with that.